README.md, before:

# Backup Server

## Description
This program is designed to perform various file operations such as saving, restoring, and deleting files on a server. It is implemented using C++ and Python and utilizes the Boost.Asio library for asynchronous I/O operations. The program features dynamic parsing utilities to support very large files.

## Server Details

### Files:
- `Message.hpp` and `Message.cpp`: Define the `Message` class, representing messages sent between client and server.
- `Session.hpp` and `Session.cpp`: Handle a single client connection.
- `Server.hpp` and `Server.cpp`: Create a TCP server and listen for connections.
- `FileHandler.hpp` and `FileHandler.cpp`: Handle file operations like save, restore, and delete.
- `main.cpp`: Contains the main function that starts the server.
- `Makefile`: Build instructions for the program.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies which files and directories should be ignored by Git.

### Usage:

1. **Compilation**: Compile the server program using the `Makefile`:
   ```bash
   make
   ```
   This will generate an executable named `my_program`.

2. **Configuration**: Provide a `server.info` file with the server IP address and port:
   ```bash
   <IP address>:<port number>
   ```
   For example:
   ```bash
   127.0.0.1:8080
   ```

3. **Execution**: Run the server using:
   ```bash
   ./my_program
   ```

## Client Details

### Files:

- `tester.py`: A Python client to test the server's functionality.

### Usage:

1. **Preparation**: Ensure both `server.info` and `backup.info` are in the same directory as the server and client. `server.info` contains the server IP and port, while `backup.info` lists filenames for the client to process.

2. **Running the Client**: Test the server's functionality with:
   ```bash
   python3 tester.py
   ```

### Troubleshooting:

- Ensure the server is running before executing the client.
- Files in `backup.info` should be in the client script's directory.
- `server.info` should have valid IP and port data.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgements
This project was completed as part of the Open University of Israel course 20937 Defensive Coding class.

Commit message:

Refactor Tester class for clarity and improved OOP design
- Transitioned from procedural to object-oriented design in the Tester class.
- Moved all constants to the beginning of the file for better visibility and maintenance.
- Broke down send_and_receive method into specific sub-methods to enhance readability and separation of concerns.
- Introduced handle_server_response for cleaner and segregated handling of server responses.
- Simplified main operational flow by using a list of methods, eliminating redundant code.
- Added validate_file_index to consistently handle file index validation across methods.

Note: This refactor aims to make the codebase more maintainable and understand the flow of operations better.

README.md, after:

# Backup Server

## Description

This program is designed to perform various file operations such as saving, restoring, and deleting files on a server. It is implemented using C++ and Python and utilizes the Boost.Asio library for asynchronous I/O operations. The program features dynamic parsing utilities to support very large files.

## Server Details

### Files

- `Message.hpp` and `Message.cpp`: Define the `Message` class, representing messages sent between client and server.
- `Session.hpp` and `Session.cpp`: Handle a single client connection.
- `Server.hpp` and `Server.cpp`: Create a TCP server and listen for connections.
- `FileHandler.hpp` and `FileHandler.cpp`: Handle file operations like save, restore, and delete.
- `main.cpp`: Contains the main function that starts the server.
- `Makefile`: Build instructions for the program.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies which files and directories should be ignored by Git.

### Usage

1. **Compilation**: Compile the server program using the `Makefile`:

   ```bash
   make
   ```

   This will generate an executable named `my_program`.

2. **Configuration**: Provide a `server.info` file with the server IP address and port:

   ```bash
   <IP address>:<port number>
   ```

   For example:

   ```bash
   127.0.0.1:8080
   ```

3. **Execution**: Run the server using:

   ```bash
   ./my_program
   ```

## Client Details

### Client Files

- `tester.py`: A Python client to test the server's functionality. The client has been refactored for improved object-oriented design, streamlined flow of operations, and enhanced error handling.

### Client Usage

1. **Preparation**: Ensure both `server.info` and `backup.info` are in the same directory as the server and client. `server.info` contains the server IP and port, while `backup.info` lists filenames for the client to process.

2. **Running the Client**: Test the server's functionality with:

   ```bash
   python3 tester.py
   ```

### Notable Updates

- The client transitioned from procedural design to object-oriented programming for improved maintainability.
- Enhanced clarity with the segregation of the send_and_receive method into specific sub-methods.
- Included dynamic handling of server responses and error validations.

### Troubleshooting

- Ensure the server is running before executing the client.
- Files in `backup.info` should be in the client script's directory.
- `server.info` should have valid IP and port data.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgements

This project was completed as part of the Open University of Israel course 20937 Defensive Coding class.
